docs: add TypeScript tip for WASM ESM integration type errors (#22773)
vitejs/vite: docs/guide/features.md

This follows the [WebAssembly/ES Module Integration proposal](https://github.com/WebAssembly/esm-integration). Because a WebAssembly module is instantiated asynchronously, a directly imported `.wasm` file behaves as an async module and requires top-level `await` support.

::: tip TypeScript support

> Since Vite cannot infer the exports of a `.wasm` file at compile time, TypeScript will report errors like `Module '"*.wasm"' has no exported member 'add'`. To fix this, enable [`allowArbitraryExtensions`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#allowArbitraryExtensions) in your `tsconfig.json` and create a declaration file next to your `.wasm` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the types of `.wasm` files are unknown, TypeScript will report errors like `Module '"*.wasm"' has no exported member 'add'`. To fix this, enable [`allowArbitraryExtensions`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#allowArbitraryExtensions) in your `tsconfig.json` and create a declaration file next to your `.wasm` file:
```
I think the reason isn't correct.

```json
// tsconfig.json
{
  "compilerOptions": {
    "allowArbitraryExtensions": true
  }
}
```

> With `allowArbitraryExtensions` enabled, TypeScript will look for a declaration file named `{filename}.d.wasm.ts` when resolving a `.wasm` import. For example, for `add.wasm`, create `add.d.wasm.ts`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since the types of `.wasm` files are unknown, TypeScript will report errors like `Module '"*.wasm"' has no exported member 'add'`. To fix this, enable [`allowArbitraryExtensions`](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig/#allowArbitraryExtensions) in your `tsconfig.json` and create a declaration file next to your `.wasm` file. With `allowArbitraryExtensions` enabled, TypeScript will look for a declaration file named `{filename}.d.wasm.ts` when resolving a `.wasm` import. For example, for `add.wasm`, create `add.d.wasm.ts`:
```
I think we can remove the `allowArbitraryExtensions` code as it's obvious.

Author: Okay.

```ts

> // add.d.wasm.ts

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ts [add.d.wasm.ts]
````
